hi welcome to show me the CARICOM and
Anuja and i middle and today we're
making dal makhani dal makhni is a very
popular Indian restaurant dish and
unfortunately it's not very healthy for
you but we're gonna offer you a very
healthy and delicious recipe and here's
what you need 1 cup whole or a dull
quarter cup kidney beans 3 cups water
1/2 a medium onion chopped 1 TSP minced
garlic 1 TSP minced ginger green chilli
to taste salt to taste 1 tsp coriander
powder red chilli powder to taste 1 TSP
garam masala 1/2 tsp cumin powder 2
tablespoons yogurt well beaten 3
tablespoons heavy whipping cream 1 tbsp
oil 1/2 tsp cumin seeds 1 medium tomato
diced ia then actually washed and soaked
our dal and the right amount together
overnight and you're gonna put it in the
pressure cooker now you want to use the
water which you soak this in and that's
all the flavor
and we're gonna put in actually pretty
much everything you're gonna go ahead
and add in a garam masala at this point
and our coriander powder cumin powder
[Music]
haldi turmeric powder that's it and
chili powder and we also gonna put in
the green chili now this is optional but
it does give you a really nice flavor
and you're gonna go ahead and add our
onions and I'm some salts of course and
the ginger garlic now traditionally
actually so we're going to use the
pressure cooker and we're gonna just
cook everything together okay pressure
is actually cut off and again
everybody's pressure cooker so different
so test yours and after you cooking it
for a couple of times you can judge
exactly how long it takes to cook these
things but you know dolls they should be
really soft tender and you definitely
don't want to you know skimp on here
whistles there comes to another I'm go
ahead and our yogurt and cream I
actually when we make it at home for
ourselves for everyday use the only
pitcher where we do not
the cream but it does dissolve money if
you're making me for a party or for a
bigger group or something and just you
know either go halves or just use cream
whatever you prefer but one more thing I
would mention is this is an excellent
excellent recipe for the slow cooker you
know you just put everything in put it
in the morning it is a slow cooker it'll
be done evening it works out very good
it gives the wonderful flavor because
it's slow-cooked and it takes its time
and it's just wonderful in it let's go
ahead and add it make sure you beat your
cream and your yogurt before putting it
I'm gonna put a little bit in and I'm
gonna save a little bit just for
garnishing at best and actually the
yogurt gives a little you know sour
taste which is just so good looks like
very well and if you use a low-fat or
fat-free yogurt it's you know saving a
lot of calories there I think I'm just
gonna let it boil for another five
minutes meanwhile I'm gonna go ahead and
get the seasoning ready and this is on
low and at this point this is also a
good time to adjust the water if you'd
like to a little bit more gravy or a
little bit more salt or anything like
that it's a good time to fix all that
right now
if you have a little skillet for doing
the seasoning we're gonna go ahead and
put in the oil and in fact it's already
hot so we're gonna go ahead and add in
the Jeter just cumin seeds I keep
switching
see the cumin seeds have started
sizzling we're gonna add in the tomatoes
too much because we don't want them to
get mushy we want them to retain their
shape and tomatoes can always be in a
drawer so I'm going to just add this and
the big pieces look really pretty in it
I'm gonna give it a mix looks awesome
and it's ready to go
so our doll is ready now at the time is
serving we're gonna go ahead and just
garnish with a little bit of cream on
top and that's all you really need it or
if you want you know if you pull a straw
can afford it just a little kind of
butter also you know it is bail money
after all right so join us again on
another episode of show me the CARICOM
adding a pinch of sliced chili